Name: Tyler Coleman
Explanation: This program will scan a file and find:
All text within parentheses, The number of lines
in the document that were contained in parentheses,
and The number of words in each line. All lines will
be sorted according to the first characters in the first word.

"the Foundation" or PGLAF	4
$1 to $5,000	3
'I haven't,' said Alice	4
'I only wish it was,' the March Hare said to itself in a whisper.	14
'That's Bill,' thought Alice,	4
'the exact shape doesn't matter,' it said,	7
'which certainly was not here before,' said Alice,	8
3	1
3	1
801	1
a	1
a loud crash	3
Alice began to say 'I once tasted--' but checked herself hastily, and said 'No, never'	15
Alice had been to the seaside once in her life, and had come to the general conclusion, that wherever you go to on the English coast you find a number of bathing machines in the sea, some children digging in the sand with wooden spades, then a row of lodging houses, and behind them a railway station.	57
Alice had no idea what Latitude was, or Longitude either, but thought they were nice grand words to say.	19
Alice thought this must be the right way of speaking to a mouse: she had never done such a thing before, but she remembered having seen in her brother's Latin Grammar, 'A mouse--of a mouse--to a mouse--a mouse--O mouse!'	39
and she tried to curtsey as she spoke--fancy CURTSEYING as you're falling through the air! Do you think you could manage it?	22
and you!	2
And, as you might like to try the thing yourself, some winter day, I will tell you how the Dodo managed it.	22
any work on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated	18
as she had hoped	4
As that is rather a hard word, I will just explain to you how it was done. They had a large canvas bag, which tied up at the mouth with strings: into this they slipped the guinea-pig, head first, and then sat upon it.	44
as well as she could, for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid	16
available with this file or online at http://gutenberg.org/license	11
b	1
Before she had this fit	5
c	1
c	1
c	1
Dinah was the cat.	4
does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder	16
for when she looked down at her feet, they seemed to be almost out of sight, they were getting so far off	22
For, with all her knowledge of history, Alice had no very clear notion how long ago anything had happened.	19
for, you see, Alice had learnt several things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and though this was not a VERY good opportunity for showing off her knowledge, as there was no one to listen to her, still it was good practice to say it over	49
He pronounced it 'arrum.'	4
if any	2
IF you don't know what a Gryphon is, look at the picture.	12
In which the cook and the baby joined	8
it had left off sneezing by this time	8
it had, in fact, a sort of mixed flavour of cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast turkey, toffee, and hot buttered toast,	20
it was Bill, the Lizard	5
it was exactly three inches high	6
It was this last remark that had made the whole party look so grave and anxious.	16
look at the frontispiece if you want to see how he did it,	13
luckily the salt water had not got into it	9
not in a very hopeful tone though	7
or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"	13
or are legally required to prepare	6
or by e-mail	3
or grunted, it was impossible to say which	8
pointing with his tea spoon at the March Hare,	9
she had kept a piece of it in her pocket	10
she knew	2
she considered him to be a footman because he was in livery: otherwise, judging by his face only, she would have called him a fish	25
she couldn't guess of what sort it was	8
she had grown so large in the last few minutes that she wasn't a bit afraid of interrupting him,	19
she had grown to her full size by this time.	10
she might well say this	5
she was obliged to say 'creatures,' you see, because some of them were animals, and some were birds,	18
she was rather glad there WAS no one listening, this time, as it didn't sound at all the right word	20
she was so much surprised, that for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good English	17
Sounds of more broken glass.	5
The jury all brightened up again.	6
The jury all looked puzzled.	5
the position in which you usually see Shakespeare, in the pictures of him	13
The unfortunate little Bill had left off writing on his slate with one finger, as he found it made no mark; but he now hastily began again, using the ink, that was trickling down his face, as long as it lasted.	41
though she very seldom followed it	6
trademark/copyright	2
We know it to be true	6
when she thought it over afterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural	27
Which he certainly did NOT, being made entirely of cardboard.	10
which was to twist it up into a sort of knot, and then keep tight hold of its right ear and left foot, so as to prevent its undoing itself,	30
Which was very likely true.	5
WITH ALICE'S LOVE	3
with passion, Alice thought	4
www.gutenberg.org	3

76